Do you remember where you heard about...
My dad, really, would have read it in the newspaper and heard it on radio,
but my father was fiercely, fiercely concerned about that, you know.
I think it was. It was a very sad time for the villages of that area,
when they lost their homes, their church, everything just went under the water, didn't it?
And the reason being to give water to... was it Liverpool or Birmingham?
Liverpool.
Liverpool, yes. Which they don't have this water from that source now, do they?
So in a sense, whereas I suppose the water was their lifeblood then,
it all was to no avail now, from our point of view, many years later, what, 50 odd years later.
But I think the heartbreak it must have caused the people who lived in that village then
must have been tremendous. And I know my father at the time, who was quite a strong Welsh man,
with very high principles and very strong ideas, I know he was fiercely, fiercely
angered by it. And I think in the family we sensed that, and obviously it made us angry to
think that the Welsh people were being thrust out of their homes, losing their homes,
to supply water to Liverpool. And if my dad was alive today, I don't think he would have been
happy to know that water was no longer required. It was a beautiful part of the country, wasn't it?
It still is, it's lovely. And probably you've passed there today. A beautiful, beautiful part.
But then a whole village was wiped out. I don't know that I would have been happy had I been
old enough, you know, to sort of appreciate, well, could you do anything about it? No,
only by subjection. But it wasn't enough, was it?
Do you remember it being discussed, I mean, beyond your family, I mean, in the community,
here?